[All hosts](Troubleshooting) Add info on package tampering (#4614)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/testing-and-troubleshooting.md

|Error: Object doesn't support property or method 'defineProperty'|Confirm that Internet Explorer is not running in Compatibility Mode. Go to **Tools** > **Compatibility View Settings**.|
|Sorry, we couldn't load the app because your browser version is not supported. Click here for a list of supported browser versions.|Make sure that the browser supports HTML5 local storage, or reset your Internet Explorer settings. For information about supported browsers, see [Requirements for running Office Add-ins](../concepts/requirements-for-running-office-add-ins.md).|

## When installing an add-in, you see "Error loading add-ins" in the status bar

1. Close Office.
1. Check that the time and date are set correctly on your computer. An incorrect time and date can cause issues when verifying the add-in's manifest.
1. Verify that the manifest is valid. See [Validate an Office Add-in's manifest](troubleshoot-manifest.md).
1. Restart the add-in.
1. Install the add-in again.

> If the add-in package was tampered with before installation, this error will occur. Download the add-in again, and try to reinstall it. Or contact the publisher of the add-in for help.

Reviewer: A couple grammar suggestions for you to take or leave.
```suggestion
If the add-in package was tampered with before installation, this error will occur. Download the add-in again and try to reinstall it. Alternatively, contact the publisher of the add-in for help.
```

|Error: Object doesn't support property or method 'defineProperty'|Confirm that Internet Explorer is not running in Compatibility Mode. Go to **Tools** > **Compatibility View Settings**.|
|Sorry, we couldn't load the app because your browser version is not supported. Click here for a list of supported browser versions.|Make sure that the browser supports HTML5 local storage, or reset your Internet Explorer settings. For information about supported browsers, see [Requirements for running Office Add-ins](../concepts/requirements-for-running-office-add-ins.md).|

## When installing an add-in, you see "Error loading add-ins" in the status bar

1. Close Office.
1. Check that the time and date are set correctly on your computer. An incorrect time and date can cause issues when verifying the add-in's manifest.
1. Verify that the manifest is valid. See [Validate an Office Add-in's manifest](troubleshoot-manifest.md).
1. Restart the add-in.
1. Install the add-in again.

> If the add-in package was tampered with before installation, this error will occur. You can try to install the add-in again, or contact the publisher of the add-in for help.

Reviewer: Should we advise customers to redownload the add-in, since their version is corrupted?
```suggestion
If the add-in package was tampered with before installation, this error will occur. Download the add-in again and try to reinstall it or contact the publisher of the add-in for help.
```

> If the add-in package was tampered with before installation, this error will occur. You can try to install the add-in again, or contact the publisher of the add-in for help.

Author: ```suggestion
If the add-in package was tampered with before installation, this error will occur. Download the add-in again, and try to reinstall it. Or contact the publisher of the add-in for help.
```

> You can also give us feedback: if using Office on Windows or Mac, you can report feedback to the Office extensibility team directly from Office. To do this, select **File** > **Feedback** > **Report a problem**. Sending a report provides necessary information to understand the issue.

Reviewer: Should we even include this? We have instructions for the in-client help elsewhere. Also the instruction path is slightly off.

```suggestion
You can also give us feedback: if using Office on Windows or Mac, you can report feedback to the Office extensibility team directly from Office. To do this, select **Help** > **Feedback** > **Report a problem**. Sending a report provides necessary information to understand the issue.
```

Author: I'm ok with removing this.

Author: actually will leave in as may be needed if customer is stuck.

> You can also give us feedback: if using Office on Windows or Mac, you can report feedback to the Office extensibility team directly from Office. To do this, select **File** > **Feedback** > **Report a problem**. Sending a report provides necessary information to understand the issue.

Author: ```suggestion
```
